test-and-docs: add test and docs for max-affected preference with rpc (#4099)
PostgREST/postgrest: docs/references/api/preferences.rst

      "details": "The query affects 14 rows",
      "hint": null
  }

> With ``RPC``, the preference is honored completely on the basis of the number of rows returned in the result set of the ``RPC``. This can be useful for complex mutation queries. For instance, when deleting rows in an ``RPC``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With ``RPC``, the preference is honored completely on the basis of the number of rows returned in the result set of the ``RPC``. This can be useful for complex mutation queries using [data-modifying statements](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/queries-with.html#QUERIES-WITH-MODIFYING). A simple example:
```

> With `RPC <functions>`_, the preference is honored completely on the basis of the number of rows returned in the result set of the function. This can be useful for complex mutation queries using [data-modifying statements](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/queries-with.html#QUERIES-WITH-MODIFYING). A simple example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `RPC <functions>`_, the preference is honored completely on the basis of the number of rows returned in the result set of the function. This can be useful for complex mutation queries using `data-modifying statements <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/queries-with.html#QUERIES-WITH-MODIFYING>`_. A simple example:
```

> With `RPC <functions>`_, the preference is honored completely on the basis of the number of rows returned in the result set of the function. This can be useful for complex mutation queries using `data-modifying statements <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/queries-with.html#QUERIES-WITH-MODIFYING>`_. A simple example:

Reviewer: I opened https://github.com/PostgREST/postgrest/issues/4106 to prevent errors like this one.
